They seem to think you have tunnels
overflowing with gold.
It was one small chest, hardly overflowing.
And it still smells of Troll.
What on earth are you doing?
Taking precautions. You know...
...I caught her making off
with the silverware once.
- Who?
- Lobelia Sackville-Baggins.
She had all my spoons
stuffed in her pocket. Ha!
Dreadful woman.
Make sure you keep an eye on her
after I'm...
When I'm... When I'm...
When you're what?
It's nothing. Nothing.
You know, some people are beginning
to wonder about you, Uncle.
- Huh?
- They think you're becoming odd.
Odd? Oh. Hm.
Unsociable.
Unsociable, me? Nonsense.
Be a good lad and put that...
...on the gate.
Do you think he'll come?
Who?
Gandalf.
Oh-ho. He wouldn't miss a chance
to let off his Whizpoppers. He'll give us...
...quite a show, you'll see.
Right, then. I'm off.
- Off to where?
East-farthing Woods.
I'm going to surprise him.
Well, go on, then. You don't want to be late.
He doesn't approve of being late. Oh, no.
Not that I...
. . . ever was.
In those days, I was always on time.
I was entirely respectable.
And nothing unexpected...
...ever happened.
- Good morning.
What do you mean?
Do you wish me a good morning
or do you mean that it is a good morning...
...whether I want it or not'?
Or perhaps you mean to say that you feel good
on this particular morning?
Or are you simply stating
that this is a morning to be good on? Hm?
All of them at once, I suppose.
Hmm.
Can I help you?
That remains to be seen.
I'm looking for someone
to share in an adventure.
An adventure?
No, I don't imagine anyone west of Bree
would have much interest in adventures.
Nasty, disturbing, uncomfortable things.
Make you late for dinner. Heh, heh.
Mm.
Huh.
Hmm.
Oh. Ah.
Good morning.
To think that I should have lived
to be "good morninged"...
...by Belladonna Took's son
as if I were selling buttons at the door.
Beg your pardon?
You've changed,
and not entirely for the better...
...Bilbo Baggins.
I'm sorry, do I know you?
Well, you know my name,
although you don't remember I belong to it.
I'm Gandalf.
And Gandalf means...
...me.
Gandalf?
Not Gandalf the wandering Wizard...
...who made such excellent...
...fireworks? Old Took used to have them
on Midsummer's Eve. Heh, heh. Ahem.